Pre Info Dec3
Submission 3+4 Dec7

* Assignment 3, due 7/12 , worth 30% overall: A group presentation that communicates about the data you have analysed, marked against LO1 - Program and LO2 - Data and LO3 - Communicate . This demonstrates that you understand how to process complex data and communicate the results of your analysis in an engaging and creative manner. 
* Assignment 4 , due 7/12 , worth 10% overall: A short submission detailing professional conduct. This consists of a reflective statement critically evaluating the process that your group followed and a link to the repository where you have worked. It demonstrates that you are carrying out professional conduct around discussion and reflection. 

Assignment 3—Group Project
Brief 
Create a piece that communicates about the data you have, including developing the context and exploring implications. This assignment is carried out as a group project , with a grade per group against three learning outcomes (Data, Program, Communicate). This is an open brief, which means you can take whatever approach is appropriate and use whatever techniques are available to your group to understand your data and communicate your findings. Previous submissions have included reports, interactive websites, physicalisations, information videos, data comics and more. You will have a chance to present this in Week 11 (3rd of December) shortly before handing in. Any medium is permissible, subject to space/time/technical/resource constraints, for example: 
		-  interactives, 
		-  websites, 
		-  data comics, 
		-  infographics, 
		-  AR/VR, 
		-  physicalisations, 
		-  dance/theatre work 
		-  etc. 
Submission: This is a Group submission - only one person from each group needs to submit. You should submit: 
● Slides from your presentation 
AND EITHER:
● A 3000 word PDF report (if you are presenting scientific knowledge to a scientific audience). 
This should contain appropriate figures and statistics to support communication to a critical, data literate audience. 
OR:
● A 1000 word PDF report and some form of documentation of your creation. The creation 
could be a 2 minute video, or a link to a live interactive, The report should discuss the context and findings, and is used to back up all of the information not present in the interactive piece. Links to the video are fine if it cannot be uploaded to Learn. 

Assignment 4—Professional Practise (10%) 
Brief 
Demonstrate competence in team collaboration and software systems that are in general use, and an ability to think critically about collaboration processes. This is a highly structured assignment, however it should be largely fulfilled by your existing practise. We expect to see: 
* Engagement with GitHub (10% overall), with: 
○  > 10 commits, with good comments. Aim for lots of small, incremental commits over a period of time. 
○  at least one issue raised, properly tagged  ○  at least one issue that someone else raised, that you closed 
○  at least one useful comment on an issue 
* Submission 
Evidence of github activity, containing: 
●  A link to your github repository (and make sure it is visible to us) and your github handle 
●  A screenshot showing the number of commits that you have made - you can find this in the Contributors tab under Insights 
●  A screenshot evidencing good, informative commit messages that you have made - look at the commit log, and find a section where you have committed and explained what your commits  are. 
●  A screenshot showing an issue that you created. 
●  A screenshot showing your contribution to discussion on someone else’s issue. 
